---
layout: page
title: Privacy Policy
background: grey
---

<div class="col-lg-12 text-center">
	<h2 class="section-heading text-uppercase">{{ site.data.sitetext[site.locale].privacy_policy.title | default: 'Privacy Policy' }}</h2>
</div>
{% if site.locale and site.locale != "" and site.locale != nil %}
{% if site.locale == "en" %}
Last updated: April 13, 2024

This Privacy Policy describes Our policies and procedures on the collection, use and disclosure of Your information when You use the Service and tells You about Your privacy rights and how the law protects You.

We use Your Personal data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, You agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy has been created with the help of the [Free Privacy Policy Generator](https://www.freeprivacypolicy.com/free-privacy-policy-generator/).

### INTERPRETAION AND DEFINITIONS

#### INTERPRETAION

The words of which the initial letter is capitalized have meanings defined under the following conditions. The following definitions shall have the same meaning regardless of whether they appear in singular or in plural.

#### DEFINITIONS

For the purposes of this Privacy Policy:

- __Account__ means a unique account created for You to access our Service or parts of our Service.
- __Affiliate__ means an entity that controls, is controlled by or is under common control with a party, where "control" means ownership of 50% or more of the shares, equity interest or other securities entitled to vote for election of directors or other managing authority.
- __Company__ (referred to as either "the Company", "We", "Us" or "Our" in this Agreement) refers to KOSAL TECNOLOGIA S.A.S. de C.V., Santa Tecla, La Libertad.
- __Cookies__ are small files that are placed on Your computer, mobile device or any other device by a website, containing the details of Your browsing history on that website among its many uses.
- __Country__ refers to:  El Salvador
- __Device__ means any device that can access the Service such as a computer, a cellphone or a digital tablet.
- __Personal Data__ is any information that relates to an identified or identifiable individual.
- __Service__ refers to the Website.
- __Service Provider__ means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Company. It refers to third-party companies or individuals employed by the Company to facilitate the Service, to provide the Service on behalf of the Company, to perform services related to the Service or to assist the Company in analyzing how the Service is used.
- __Usage Data__ refers to data collected automatically, either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).
- __Website__ refers to KOSAL TECNOLOGIA, accessible from [https://kosaltec.com](https://kosaltec.com)
- __You__ means the individual accessing or using the Service, or the company, or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the Service, as applicable.

### COLLECTING AND USING YOUR PERSONAL DATA

{% if site.analytics.google %}

Automatically Collected (Google Analytics):

When you visit the Site, we automatically receive information about your device from your browser, such as your IP address. As you browse the Site, we also collect information about how you interact with the Site. We refer to this automatically-collected information as “Device Information”.

We collect Device Information using cookies. “Cookies” are data files that are placed on your device. For more information about cookies and how to disable them, visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org.

We do this using Google Analytics: <https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/>.

You can opt-out of Google Analytics here: <https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout>.

{% else %}

#### TYPES OF DATA COLLECTED

##### PERSONAL DATA

While using Our Service, We may ask You to provide Us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify You. Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:

- Email address
- First name and last name
- Phone number
- Usage Data

##### USAGE DATA

Usage Data is collected automatically when using the Service.

Usage Data may include information such as Your Device's Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that You visit, the time and date of Your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.

When You access the Service by or through a mobile device, We may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device You use, Your mobile device unique ID, the IP address of Your mobile device, Your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browser You use, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.

We may also collect information that Your browser sends whenever You visit our Service or when You access the Service by or through a mobile device.

##### TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES AND COOKIES

We use Cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on Our Service and store certain information. Tracking technologies used are beacons, tags, and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyze Our Service. The technologies We use may include:

- __Cookies or Browser Cookies.__ A cookie is a small file placed on Your Device. You can instruct Your browser to refuse all Cookies or to indicate when a Cookie is being sent. However, if You do not accept Cookies, You may not be able to use some parts of our Service. Unless you have adjusted Your browser setting so that it will refuse Cookies, our Service may use Cookies.
- __Web Beacons.__ Certain sections of our Service and our emails may contain small electronic files known as web beacons (also referred to as clear gifs, pixel tags, and single-pixel gifs) that permit the Company, for example, to count users who have visited those pages or opened an email and for other related website statistics (for example, recording the popularity of a certain section and verifying system and server integrity).

Cookies can be "Persistent" or "Session" Cookies. Persistent Cookies remain on Your personal computer or mobile device when You go offline, while Session Cookies are deleted as soon as You close Your web browser. Learn more about cookies on the [Free Privacy Policy website](https://www.freeprivacypolicy.com/blog/sample-privacy-policy-template/#Use_Of_Cookies_And_Tracking) article.

We use both Session and Persistent Cookies for the purposes set out below:

- __Necessary / Essential Cookies__
Type: Session Cookies
Administered by: Us
Purpose: These Cookies are essential to provide You with services available through the Website and to enable You to use some of its features. They help to authenticate users and prevent fraudulent use of user accounts. Without these Cookies, the services that You have asked for cannot be provided, and We only use these Cookies to provide You with those services.

- __Cookies Policy / Notice Acceptance Cookies__
Type: Persistent Cookies
Administered by: Us
Purpose: These Cookies identify if users have accepted the use of cookies on the Website.

- __Functionality Cookies__
Type: Persistent Cookies
Administered by: Us
Purpose: These Cookies allow us to remember choices You make when You use the Website, such as remembering your login details or language preference. The purpose of these Cookies is to provide You with a more personal experience and to avoid You having to re-enter your preferences every time You use the Website.

For more information about the cookies we use and your choices regarding cookies, please visit our Cookies Policy or the Cookies section of our Privacy Policy.

#### USE OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA

The Company may use Personal Data for the following purposes:

- __To provide and maintain our Service__, including to monitor the usage of our Service.
- __To manage Your Account:__ to manage Your registration as a user of the Service. The Personal Data You provide can give You access to different functionalities of the Service that are available to You as a registered user.
- __For the performance of a contract:__ the development, compliance and undertaking of the purchase contract for the products, items or services You have purchased or of any other contract with Us through the Service.
- __To contact You:__ To contact You by email, telephone calls, SMS, or other equivalent forms of electronic communication, such as a mobile application's push notifications regarding updates or informative communications related to the functionalities, products or contracted services, including the security updates, when necessary or reasonable for their implementation.
- __To provide You__ with news, special offers and general information about other goods, services and events which we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased or enquired about unless You have opted not to receive such information.
- __To manage Your requests:__ To attend and manage Your requests to Us.
- __For business transfers:__ We may use Your information to evaluate or conduct a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of Our assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which Personal Data held by Us about our Service users is among the assets transferred.
- __For other purposes__: We may use Your information for other purposes, such as data analysis, identifying usage trends, determining the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns and to evaluate and improve our Service, products, services, marketing and your experience. 
We may share Your personal information in the following situations:
- __With Service Providers:__ We may share Your personal information with Service Providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Service,  to contact You.
- __For business transfers:__ We may share or transfer Your personal information in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of Company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of Our business to another company.
- __With Affiliates:__ We may share Your information with Our affiliates, in which case we will require those affiliates to honor this Privacy Policy. Affiliates include Our parent company and any other subsidiaries, joint venture partners or other companies that We control or that are under common control with Us.
- __With business partners:__ We may share Your information with Our business partners to offer You certain products, services or promotions.
- __With other users:__ when You share personal information or otherwise interact in the public areas with other users, such information may be viewed by all users and may be publicly distributed outside. 
- __With Your consent__: We may disclose Your personal information for any other purpose with Your consent.

#### RETENTION OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA

The Company will retain Your Personal Data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use Your Personal Data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies.

The Company will also retain Usage Data for internal analysis purposes. Usage Data is generally retained for a shorter period of time, except when this data is used to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality of Our Service, or We are legally obligated to retain this data for longer time periods.

#### TRANSFER OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA

Your information, including Personal Data, is processed at the Company's operating offices and in any other places where the parties involved in the processing are located. It means that this information may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of Your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from Your jurisdiction.

Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by Your submission of such information represents Your agreement to that transfer.

The Company will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that Your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of Your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of Your data and other personal information.

#### DELETE YOUR PERSONAL DATA

You have the right to delete or request that We assist in deleting the Personal Data that We have collected about You.

Our Service may give You the ability to delete certain information about You from within the Service.

You may update, amend, or delete Your information at any time by signing in to Your Account, if you have one, and visiting the account settings section that allows you to manage Your personal information. You may also contact Us to request access to, correct, or delete any personal information that You have provided to Us.

Please note, however, that We may need to retain certain information when we have a legal obligation or lawful basis to do so.

#### DISCLOSURE OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA

##### BUSINESS TRANSACTIONS

If the Company is involved in a merger, acquisition or asset sale, Your Personal Data may be transferred. We will provide notice before Your Personal Data is transferred and becomes subject to a different Privacy Policy.

##### LAW ENFORCEMENT

Under certain circumstances, the Company may be required to disclose Your Personal Data if required to do so by law or in response to valid requests by public authorities (e.g. a court or a government agency).

##### OTHER LEGAL REQUIREMENTS

The Company may disclose Your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:

- Comply with a legal obligation
- Protect and defend the rights or property of the Company
- Prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service
- Protect the personal safety of Users of the Service or the public
- Protect against legal liability

#### SECURITY OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA

The security of Your Personal Data is important to Us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While We strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect Your Personal Data, We cannot guarantee its absolute security.

{% endif %}

### CHILDREN'S PRIVACY

Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13. If You are a parent or guardian and You are aware that Your child has provided Us with Personal Data, please contact Us. If We become aware that We have collected Personal Data from anyone under the age of 13 without verification of parental consent, We take steps to remove that information from Our servers.

If We need to rely on consent as a legal basis for processing Your information and Your country requires consent from a parent, We may require Your parent's consent before We collect and use that information.

### CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY

We may update Our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify You of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.

We will let You know via email and/or a prominent notice on Our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the "Last updated" date at the top of this Privacy Policy.

You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.


### CONTACT US

For more information about our privacy practices or if you have questions, please contact us by email at <a href="mailto:{{ site.email }}">{{ site.email }}</a>.

{% elsif site.locale == "es-ES" %}

Última actualización: 13 de abril de 2024

Esta Política de Privacidad describe nuestras políticas y procedimientos sobre la recolección, uso y divulgación de su información cuando utiliza el Servicio y le informa sobre sus derechos de privacidad y cómo la ley lo protege.

Utilizamos sus Datos Personales para proporcionar y mejorar el Servicio. Al usar el Servicio, usted acepta la recolección y uso de información de acuerdo con esta Política de Privacidad. Esta Política de Privacidad ha sido creada con la ayuda del [Free Privacy Policy Generator](https://www.freeprivacypolicy.com/free-privacy-policy-generator/).

### INTERPRETACIÓN Y DEFINICIONES

#### INTERPRETACIÓN

Las palabras cuya primera letra está en mayúscula tienen significados definidos bajo las siguientes condiciones. Las siguientes definiciones tendrán el mismo significado independientemente de que aparezcan en singular o en plural.

#### DEFINICIONES

Para los propósitos de esta Política de Privacidad:

- __Cuenta__ significa una cuenta única creada para que usted acceda a nuestro Servicio o partes de nuestro Servicio.
- __Afiliado__ significa una entidad que controla, está controlada por, o está bajo el control común con una parte, donde "control" significa propiedad de más del 50% de las acciones, interés de capital u otros valores que tienen derecho a voto para la elección de directores u otra autoridad administrativa.
- __Empresa__ se refiere a KOSAL TECNOLOGIA S.A.S. de C.V., Santa Tecla, La Libertad.
- __Cookies__ son pequeños archivos que se colocan en su computadora, dispositivo móvil o cualquier otro dispositivo por un sitio web, que contienen detalles de su historial de navegación en ese sitio web entre sus muchos usos.
- __País__ se refiere a: El Salvador
- __Dispositivo__ significa cualquier dispositivo que pueda acceder al Servicio como una computadora, un teléfono celular o una tableta digital.
- __Datos Personales__ es cualquier información que se relaciona con una persona identificada o identificable.
- __Servicio__ se refiere al Sitio Web.
- __Proveedor de Servicios__ significa cualquier persona natural o jurídica que procesa los datos en nombre de la Compañía.
- __Datos de Uso__ se refiere a los datos recogidos automáticamente, generados por el uso del Servicio o de la infraestructura del Servicio mismo.
- __Sitio Web__ se refiere a [KOSAL TECNOLOGIA](https://kosaltec.com)
- __Usted__ se refiere a la persona que accede o usa el Servicio, o la empresa, u otra entidad legal en nombre de la cual tal persona accede o usa el Servicio.

### RECOLECCIÓN Y USO DE SUS DATOS PERSONALES

{% if site.analytics.google %}

Recopilación Automática (Google Analytics):

Cuando visita el Sitio, automáticamente recibimos información sobre su dispositivo desde su navegador, como su dirección IP. Mientras navega por el Sitio, también recopilamos información sobre cómo interactúa con el Sitio. Nos referimos a esta información recopilada automáticamente como "Información del Dispositivo".

Recopilamos Información del Dispositivo usando cookies. Las "Cookies" son archivos de datos que se colocan en su dispositivo. Para más información sobre las cookies y cómo desactivarlas, visite http://www.allaboutcookies.org.

Hacemos esto usando Google Analytics: <https://www.google.com/intl/es/policies/privacy/>.

Puede optar por no participar en Google Analytics aquí: <https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout>.

{% else %}

#### TIPOS DE DATOS RECOLECTADOS

##### DATOS PERSONALES

Mientras utiliza Nuestro Servicio, podemos pedirle que nos proporcione cierta información de identificación personal que puede ser utilizada para contactar o identificarle. La información de identificación personal puede incluir, pero no se limita a:

- Dirección de correo electrónico
- Nombre y apellido
- Número de teléfono
- Datos de Uso

##### DATOS DE USO

Los Datos de Uso se recopilan automáticamente cuando utiliza el Servicio.

Los Datos de Uso pueden incluir información como la dirección de Protocolo de Internet de Su dispositivo (por ejemplo, dirección IP), tipo de navegador, versión del navegador, las páginas de nuestro Servicio que visita, la hora y fecha de su visita, el tiempo que pasa en esas páginas, identificadores únicos de dispositivos y otros datos diagnósticos.

Cuando accede al Servicio a través de o mediante un dispositivo móvil, podemos recopilar cierta información automáticamente, incluyendo, pero no limitado a, el tipo de dispositivo móvil que utiliza, su ID único de dispositivo móvil, la dirección IP de su dispositivo móvil, su sistema operativo móvil, el tipo de navegador de Internet móvil que utiliza, identificadores de dispositivo únicos y otros datos diagnósticos.

También podemos recoger información que su navegador envía cada vez que visita nuestro Servicio o cuando accede al Servicio a través de o desde un dispositivo móvil.

##### TECNOLOGÍAS DE SEGUIMIENTO Y COOKIES

Utilizamos Cookies y tecnologías de seguimiento similares para rastrear la actividad en Nuestro Servicio y almacenar cierta información. Las tecnologías de seguimiento utilizadas son balizas, etiquetas y guiones para recopilar y rastrear información y para mejorar y analizar Nuestro Servicio. Las tecnologías que utilizamos pueden incluir:

- __Cookies o Cookies de Navegador.__ Una cookie es un archivo pequeño colocado en Su Dispositivo. Puede instruir a su navegador para que rechace todas las Cookies o para indicar cuándo se envía una Cookie. Sin embargo, si no acepta Cookies, puede no ser capaz de usar algunas partes de nuestro Servicio. A menos que haya ajustado la configuración de su navegador para que rechace Cookies, nuestro Servicio puede usar Cookies.
- __Balizas Web.__ Ciertas secciones de nuestro Servicio y nuestros correos electrónicos pueden contener pequeños archivos electrónicos conocidos como balizas web (también denominadas gifs transparentes, etiquetas de píxel y gifs de un solo píxel) que permiten a la Compañía, por ejemplo, contar usuarios que han visitado esas páginas o abierto un correo electrónico y para otras estadísticas de sitios web relacionadas (por ejemplo, registrar la popularidad de una sección y verificar la integridad del sistema y del servidor).

Las Cookies pueden ser "Persistentes" o "De Sesión". Las Cookies Persistentes permanecen en su computadora personal o dispositivo móvil cuando usted va offline, mientras que las Cookies de Sesión se eliminan tan pronto como cierra su navegador web. Aprenda más sobre las cookies en el artículo [Política de Cookies](https://www.freeprivacypolicy.com/blog/sample-privacy-policy-template/#Use_Of_Cookies_And_Tracking) del sitio web de Free Privacy Policy.

Utilizamos tanto Cookies de Sesión como Persistentes para los propósitos establecidos a continuación:

- __Cookies Necesarias / Esenciales__
  Tipo: Cookies de Sesión
  Administrado por: Nosotros
  Propósito: Estas Cookies son esenciales para proporcionarle servicios disponibles a través del Sitio Web y para permitirle usar algunas de sus características. Ayudan a autenticar usuarios y prevenir el uso fraudulento de cuentas de usuarios. Sin estas Cookies, los servicios que usted ha solicitado no podrían ser proporcionados, y solo utilizamos estas Cookies para proporcionarle esos servicios.

- __Cookies de Aceptación de Política / Aviso de Cookies__
  Tipo: Cookies Persistentes
  Administrado por: Nosotros
  Propósito: Estas Cookies identifican si los usuarios han aceptado el uso de cookies en el Sitio Web.

- __Cookies de Funcionalidad__
  Tipo: Cookies Persistentes
  Administrado por: Nosotros
  Propósito: Estas Cookies nos permiten recordar elecciones que usted hace cuando utiliza el Sitio Web, como recordar sus detalles de inicio de sesión o preferencia de idioma. El propósito de estas Cookies es proporcionarle una experiencia más personal y evitar que tenga que reintroducir sus preferencias cada vez que usa el Sitio Web.

Para más información sobre las cookies que utilizamos y sus opciones respecto a cookies, por favor visite nuestra Política de Cookies o la sección de Cookies de nuestra Política de Privacidad.

#### USO DE SUS DATOS PERSONALES

La Compañía puede usar Datos Personales para los siguientes propósitos:

- __Para proporcionar y mantener nuestro Servicio__, incluido para monitorear el uso de nuestro Servicio.
- __Para gestionar Su Cuenta:__ para gestionar su registro como usuario del servicio. Los Datos Personales que proporciona pueden darle acceso a diferentes funcionalidades del Servicio que están disponibles para Usted como usuario registrado.
- __Para la ejecución de un contrato:__ el desarrollo, cumplimiento y realización del contrato de compra de los productos, elementos o servicios que ha comprado o de cualquier otro contrato con Nosotros a través del Servicio.
- __Para contactarle:__ Para contactarle por correo electrónico, llamadas telefónicas, SMS, u otras formas equivalentes de comunicación electrónica, como las notificaciones push de aplicaciones móviles sobre actualizaciones o comunicaciones informativas relacionadas con las funcionalidades, productos o servicios contratados, incluidas las actualizaciones de seguridad, cuando sea necesario o razonable para su implementación.
- __Para proporcionarle__ noticias, ofertas especiales e información general sobre otros bienes, servicios y eventos que ofrecemos que son similares a los que ya ha comprado o preguntado a menos que haya optado por no recibir tal información.
- __Para gestionar Sus peticiones:__ Para atender y gestionar Sus peticiones a Nosotros.
- __Para transferencias de negocios:__ Podemos usar Su información para evaluar o llevar a cabo una fusión, venta de activos, reestructuración, reorganización, disolución u otra venta o transferencia de algunos o todos nuestros activos, ya sea como una empresa en marcha o como parte de bancarrota, liquidación o procedimiento similar, en el que los Datos Personales que tenemos sobre los usuarios de nuestro servicio son uno de los activos transferidos.
- __Para otros propósitos__: Podemos usar Su información para otros propósitos, como el análisis de datos, la identificación de tendencias de uso, la determinación de la efectividad de nuestras campañas promocionales y para evaluar y mejorar nuestro Servicio, productos, servicios, marketing y su experiencia.
Podemos compartir su información personal en las siguientes situaciones:
- __Con Proveedores de servicios:__ Podemos compartir su información personal con Proveedores de servicios para monitorear y analizar el uso de nuestro Servicio, para contactarle.
- __Para transferencias de negocios:__ Podemos compartir o transferir su información personal en conexión con, o durante negociaciones de, cualquier fusión, venta de activos de la Compañía, financiación, o adquisición de todo o una parte de nuestro negocio a otra compañía.
- __Con Afiliados:__ Podemos compartir su información con nuestros afiliados, en cuyo caso requeriremos que esos afiliados cumplan esta Política de Privacidad. Los afiliados incluyen nuestra compañía matriz y cualquier otra subsidiaria, socios de empresa conjunta u otras compañías que controlamos o que están bajo control común con nosotros.
- __Con socios comerciales:__ Podemos compartir su información con nuestros socios comerciales para ofrecerle ciertos productos, servicios o promociones.
- __Con otros usuarios:__ cuando usted comparte información personal u otra forma interactúa en las áreas públicas con otros usuarios, dicha información puede ser vista por todos los usuarios y puede ser distribuida públicamente fuera.
- __Con su consentimiento__: Podemos divulgar su información personal para cualquier otro propósito con su consentimiento.

#### RETENCIÓN DE SUS DATOS PERSONALES

La Compañía retendrá Sus Datos Personales solo durante el tiempo que sea necesario para los propósitos establecidos en esta Política de Privacidad. Retendremos y usaremos Sus Datos Personales en la medida en que sea necesario para cumplir con nuestras obligaciones legales (por ejemplo, si estamos obligados a retener sus datos para cumplir con las leyes aplicables), resolver disputas y hacer cumplir nuestros acuerdos y políticas legales.

La Compañía también retendrá los Datos de Uso para fines de análisis interno. Los Datos de Uso se retienen generalmente por un período de tiempo más corto, excepto cuando estos datos se usan para fortalecer la seguridad o para mejorar la funcionalidad de Nuestro Servicio, o estamos legalmente obligados a retener estos datos por períodos de tiempo más largos.

#### TRANSFERENCIA DE SUS DATOS PERSONALES

Su información, incluidos los Datos Personales, se procesa en las oficinas operativas de la Compañía y en cualquier otro lugar donde se encuentren las partes involucradas en el procesamiento. Esto significa que esta información puede ser transferida a — y mantenida en — computadoras ubicadas fuera de su estado, provincia, país u otra jurisdicción gubernamental donde las leyes de protección de datos puedan diferir de las de su jurisdicción.

Su consentimiento a esta Política de Privacidad seguido por su envío de tal información representa su acuerdo a esa transferencia.

La Compañía tomará todas las medidas necesarias razonablemente necesarias para asegurar que sus datos sean tratados de manera segura y de acuerdo con esta Política de Privacidad y no se realizará ninguna transferencia de sus Datos Personales a una organización o a un país a menos que existan controles adecuados en lugar incluyendo la seguridad de sus datos y otra información personal.

#### ELIMINACIÓN DE SUS DATOS PERSONALES

Usted tiene derecho a eliminar o a que le asistamos en eliminar los Datos Personales que hemos recopilado sobre Usted.

Nuestro Servicio puede darle la capacidad de eliminar cierta información sobre usted desde dentro del Servicio.

Puede actualizar, enmendar o eliminar su información en cualquier momento iniciando sesión en su Cuenta, si tiene una, y visitando la sección de configuración de la cuenta que le permite gestionar su información personal. También puede contactarnos para solicitar acceso a, corregir o eliminar cualquier información personal que usted nos haya proporcionado.

Por favor, tenga en cuenta, sin embargo, que podemos necesitar retener cierta información cuando tenemos una obligación legal o una base legal para hacerlo.

#### DIVULGACIÓN DE SUS DATOS PERSONALES

##### TRANSACCIONES COMERCIALES

Si la Compañía está involucrada en una fusión, adquisición o venta de activos, Sus Datos Personales pueden ser transferidos. Le proporcionaremos aviso antes de que sus Datos Personales sean transferidos y se conviertan en objeto de una Política de Privacidad diferente.

##### CUMPLIMIENTO DE LA LEY

En ciertas circunstancias, la Compañía puede estar requerida a divulgar sus Datos Personales si se requiere hacerlo por ley o en respuesta a solicitudes válidas por parte de autoridades públicas (por ejemplo, un tribunal o una agencia gubernamental).

##### OTROS REQUERIMIENTOS LEGALES

La Compañía puede divulgar sus Datos Personales en la creencia de buena fe de que tal acción es necesaria para:

- Cumplir con una obligación legal
- Proteger y defender los derechos o propiedad de la Compañía
- Prevenir o investigar posibles delitos en conexión con el Servicio
- Proteger la seguridad personal de los usuarios del Servicio o del público
- Proteger contra la responsabilidad legal

#### SEGURIDAD DE SUS DATOS PERSONALES

La seguridad de Sus Datos Personales es importante para nosotros, pero recuerde que ningún método de transmisión por Internet, o método de almacenamiento electrónico es 100% seguro. Mientras que nos esforzamos por usar medios comercialmente aceptables para proteger Sus Datos Personales, no podemos garantizar su seguridad absoluta.

{% endif %}

### PRIVACIDAD INFANTIL

Nuestro Servicio no se dirige a nadie menor de 13 años. No recopilamos intencionadamente información personal identificable de nadie menor de 13 años. Si usted es un padre o tutor y está consciente de que su Hijo nos ha proporcionado Datos Personales, por favor contáctenos. Si nos damos cuenta de que hemos recopilado Datos Personales de alguien menor de 13 años sin verificación de consentimiento parental, tomamos pasos para eliminar esa información de nuestros servidores.

Si necesitamos depender del consentimiento como base legal para procesar su información y su país requiere consentimiento de un padre, podríamos requerir el consentimiento de su padre antes de que recolectemos y usemos esa información.

### CAMBIOS A ESTA POLÍTICA DE PRIVACIDAD

Podemos actualizar nuestra Política de Privacidad de vez en cuando. Le notificaremos de cualquier cambio al publicar la nueva Política de Privacidad en esta página.

Le informaremos a través de un correo electrónico y/o un aviso prominente en Nuestro Servicio, antes de que el cambio se haga efectivo y actualizaremos la fecha de "Última actualización" en la parte superior de esta Política de Privacidad.

Le aconsejamos revisar esta Política de Privacidad periódicamente para cualquier cambio. Los cambios a esta Política de Privacidad son efectivos cuando son publicados en esta página.


### CONTÁCTENOS

Para más información sobre nuestras prácticas de privacidad o si tiene preguntas, por favor contáctenos por correo electrónico a <a href="mailto:{{ site.email }}">{{ site.email }}</a>.

{% endif %}
{% else %}
Last updated: April 13, 2024

This Privacy Policy describes Our policies and procedures on the collection, use and disclosure of Your information when You use the Service and tells You about Your privacy rights and how the law protects You.

We use Your Personal data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, You agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy has been created with the help of the [Free Privacy Policy Generator](https://www.freeprivacypolicy.com/free-privacy-policy-generator/).

### INTERPRETAION AND DEFINITIONS

#### INTERPRETAION

The words of which the initial letter is capitalized have meanings defined under the following conditions. The following definitions shall have the same meaning regardless of whether they appear in singular or in plural.

#### DEFINITIONS

For the purposes of this Privacy Policy:

- __Account__ means a unique account created for You to access our Service or parts of our Service.
- __Affiliate__ means an entity that controls, is controlled by or is under common control with a party, where "control" means ownership of 50% or more of the shares, equity interest or other securities entitled to vote for election of directors or other managing authority.
- __Company__ (referred to as either "the Company", "We", "Us" or "Our" in this Agreement) refers to KOSAL TECNOLOGIA S.A.S. de C.V., Santa Tecla, La Libertad.
- __Cookies__ are small files that are placed on Your computer, mobile device or any other device by a website, containing the details of Your browsing history on that website among its many uses.
- __Country__ refers to:  El Salvador
- __Device__ means any device that can access the Service such as a computer, a cellphone or a digital tablet.
- __Personal Data__ is any information that relates to an identified or identifiable individual.
- __Service__ refers to the Website.
- __Service Provider__ means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Company. It refers to third-party companies or individuals employed by the Company to facilitate the Service, to provide the Service on behalf of the Company, to perform services related to the Service or to assist the Company in analyzing how the Service is used.
- __Usage Data__ refers to data collected automatically, either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).
- __Website__ refers to KOSAL TECNOLOGIA, accessible from [https://kosaltec.com](https://kosaltec.com)
- __You__ means the individual accessing or using the Service, or the company, or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the Service, as applicable.

### COLLECTING AND USING YOUR PERSONAL DATA

{% if site.analytics.google %}

Automatically Collected (Google Analytics):

When you visit the Site, we automatically receive information about your device from your browser, such as your IP address. As you browse the Site, we also collect information about how you interact with the Site. We refer to this automatically-collected information as “Device Information”.

We collect Device Information using cookies. “Cookies” are data files that are placed on your device. For more information about cookies and how to disable them, visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org.

We do this using Google Analytics: <https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/>.

You can opt-out of Google Analytics here: <https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout>.

{% else %}

#### TYPES OF DATA COLLECTED

##### PERSONAL DATA

While using Our Service, We may ask You to provide Us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify You. Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:

- Email address
- First name and last name
- Phone number
- Usage Data

##### USAGE DATA

Usage Data is collected automatically when using the Service.

Usage Data may include information such as Your Device's Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that You visit, the time and date of Your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.

When You access the Service by or through a mobile device, We may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device You use, Your mobile device unique ID, the IP address of Your mobile device, Your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browser You use, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.

We may also collect information that Your browser sends whenever You visit our Service or when You access the Service by or through a mobile device.

##### TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES AND COOKIES

We use Cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on Our Service and store certain information. Tracking technologies used are beacons, tags, and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyze Our Service. The technologies We use may include:

- __Cookies or Browser Cookies.__ A cookie is a small file placed on Your Device. You can instruct Your browser to refuse all Cookies or to indicate when a Cookie is being sent. However, if You do not accept Cookies, You may not be able to use some parts of our Service. Unless you have adjusted Your browser setting so that it will refuse Cookies, our Service may use Cookies.
- __Web Beacons.__ Certain sections of our Service and our emails may contain small electronic files known as web beacons (also referred to as clear gifs, pixel tags, and single-pixel gifs) that permit the Company, for example, to count users who have visited those pages or opened an email and for other related website statistics (for example, recording the popularity of a certain section and verifying system and server integrity).

Cookies can be "Persistent" or "Session" Cookies. Persistent Cookies remain on Your personal computer or mobile device when You go offline, while Session Cookies are deleted as soon as You close Your web browser. Learn more about cookies on the [Free Privacy Policy website](https://www.freeprivacypolicy.com/blog/sample-privacy-policy-template/#Use_Of_Cookies_And_Tracking) article.

We use both Session and Persistent Cookies for the purposes set out below:

- __Necessary / Essential Cookies__
Type: Session Cookies
Administered by: Us
Purpose: These Cookies are essential to provide You with services available through the Website and to enable You to use some of its features. They help to authenticate users and prevent fraudulent use of user accounts. Without these Cookies, the services that You have asked for cannot be provided, and We only use these Cookies to provide You with those services.

- __Cookies Policy / Notice Acceptance Cookies__
Type: Persistent Cookies
Administered by: Us
Purpose: These Cookies identify if users have accepted the use of cookies on the Website.

- __Functionality Cookies__
Type: Persistent Cookies
Administered by: Us
Purpose: These Cookies allow us to remember choices You make when You use the Website, such as remembering your login details or language preference. The purpose of these Cookies is to provide You with a more personal experience and to avoid You having to re-enter your preferences every time You use the Website.

For more information about the cookies we use and your choices regarding cookies, please visit our Cookies Policy or the Cookies section of our Privacy Policy.

#### USE OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA

The Company may use Personal Data for the following purposes:

- __To provide and maintain our Service__, including to monitor the usage of our Service.
- __To manage Your Account:__ to manage Your registration as a user of the Service. The Personal Data You provide can give You access to different functionalities of the Service that are available to You as a registered user.
- __For the performance of a contract:__ the development, compliance and undertaking of the purchase contract for the products, items or services You have purchased or of any other contract with Us through the Service.
- __To contact You:__ To contact You by email, telephone calls, SMS, or other equivalent forms of electronic communication, such as a mobile application's push notifications regarding updates or informative communications related to the functionalities, products or contracted services, including the security updates, when necessary or reasonable for their implementation.
- __To provide You__ with news, special offers and general information about other goods, services and events which we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased or enquired about unless You have opted not to receive such information.
- __To manage Your requests:__ To attend and manage Your requests to Us.
- __For business transfers:__ We may use Your information to evaluate or conduct a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of Our assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which Personal Data held by Us about our Service users is among the assets transferred.
- __For other purposes__: We may use Your information for other purposes, such as data analysis, identifying usage trends, determining the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns and to evaluate and improve our Service, products, services, marketing and your experience. 
We may share Your personal information in the following situations:
- __With Service Providers:__ We may share Your personal information with Service Providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Service,  to contact You.
- __For business transfers:__ We may share or transfer Your personal information in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of Company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of Our business to another company.
- __With Affiliates:__ We may share Your information with Our affiliates, in which case we will require those affiliates to honor this Privacy Policy. Affiliates include Our parent company and any other subsidiaries, joint venture partners or other companies that We control or that are under common control with Us.
- __With business partners:__ We may share Your information with Our business partners to offer You certain products, services or promotions.
- __With other users:__ when You share personal information or otherwise interact in the public areas with other users, such information may be viewed by all users and may be publicly distributed outside. 
- __With Your consent__: We may disclose Your personal information for any other purpose with Your consent.

#### RETENTION OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA

The Company will retain Your Personal Data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use Your Personal Data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies.

The Company will also retain Usage Data for internal analysis purposes. Usage Data is generally retained for a shorter period of time, except when this data is used to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality of Our Service, or We are legally obligated to retain this data for longer time periods.

#### TRANSFER OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA

Your information, including Personal Data, is processed at the Company's operating offices and in any other places where the parties involved in the processing are located. It means that this information may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of Your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from Your jurisdiction.

Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by Your submission of such information represents Your agreement to that transfer.

The Company will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that Your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of Your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of Your data and other personal information.

#### DELETE YOUR PERSONAL DATA

You have the right to delete or request that We assist in deleting the Personal Data that We have collected about You.

Our Service may give You the ability to delete certain information about You from within the Service.

You may update, amend, or delete Your information at any time by signing in to Your Account, if you have one, and visiting the account settings section that allows you to manage Your personal information. You may also contact Us to request access to, correct, or delete any personal information that You have provided to Us.

Please note, however, that We may need to retain certain information when we have a legal obligation or lawful basis to do so.

#### DISCLOSURE OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA

##### BUSINESS TRANSACTIONS

If the Company is involved in a merger, acquisition or asset sale, Your Personal Data may be transferred. We will provide notice before Your Personal Data is transferred and becomes subject to a different Privacy Policy.

##### LAW ENFORCEMENT

Under certain circumstances, the Company may be required to disclose Your Personal Data if required to do so by law or in response to valid requests by public authorities (e.g. a court or a government agency).

##### OTHER LEGAL REQUIREMENTS

The Company may disclose Your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:

- Comply with a legal obligation
- Protect and defend the rights or property of the Company
- Prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service
- Protect the personal safety of Users of the Service or the public
- Protect against legal liability

#### SECURITY OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA

The security of Your Personal Data is important to Us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While We strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect Your Personal Data, We cannot guarantee its absolute security.

{% endif %}

### CHILDREN'S PRIVACY

Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13. If You are a parent or guardian and You are aware that Your child has provided Us with Personal Data, please contact Us. If We become aware that We have collected Personal Data from anyone under the age of 13 without verification of parental consent, We take steps to remove that information from Our servers.

If We need to rely on consent as a legal basis for processing Your information and Your country requires consent from a parent, We may require Your parent's consent before We collect and use that information.

### CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY

We may update Our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify You of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.

We will let You know via email and/or a prominent notice on Our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the "Last updated" date at the top of this Privacy Policy.

You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.


### CONTACT US

For more information about our privacy practices or if you have questions, please contact us by email at <a href="mailto:{{ site.email }}">{{ site.email }}</a>.
{% endif %}